Hey, welcome back.
So we finally wrapped up learning all of the most common string text manipulation and recognition methods
of the string class.
And we are now ready to move on to what many would consider to be a more advanced topic for doing similar
things, and that is regular expressions.
So you heard me refer to regular expressions once or twice in some of the previous lessons, especially
in the one where we wrote some code that had a phone number and we extracted the area code and the exchange
and the local phone.
I forget what the we call the the four digits at the end, but we extracted all the parts of a phone
number using various code techniques, mostly sub string and index of to extract those bits and pieces
out of a formatted string.
And then at the end of that lesson, I stated, Now having done all of this, I probably wouldn't have
done it this way at all.
As a professional software developer myself, I most likely would have used regular expressions to do
the same thing.
And so we will be revisiting in an upcoming lesson that code and transforming it to use Rig X. So what
is regex or regular expressions as we often refer to them as regex?
So Rig X is a technique and technology and a language really a programming language in and of itself
for expressing patterns of text using symbols.
And those symbols are text themselves.
But we will let various bits of text and characters represent other strings of text, essentially,
and I'll show you what I mean in just a moment here.
So regular expressions let us define patterns of text, and the engine of regular expressions also can
allow us to extract sub strings of text.
Now we don't use the substring key word, but the functions that we are able to achieve, the capabilities
that we're able to achieve with the regular expression engine allow us to extract some strings from
text as well, according to patterns that we define.
So without further ado, let's jump in and see how to use this powerful technique, and I will see you
in the next one.